WingData.csv
	PartId: 10-digit internal identification code representing a single part (duck wing or goose tail) submitted by a hunter in the Parts Collection Survey.
	Season: Year representing the beginning of the hunting season.
	PCSHunterId: 9-digit internal identification number of an individual hunter in the Parts Collection Survey.
	harvest_month:  Month reported by the hunter in which the duck or goose was harvested. Blank if no month was provided by the hunter.
	harvest_day: Day reported by the hunter when the duck or goose was harvested. Blank if no day was provided by the hunter
	harvest_year: Year reported by the hunter when the duck or goose was harvested.
	flyway_code: Integer code for flyway associated with the location of harvest
	flyway_name: Flyway name associated with the location of harvest
	flyway_abbrev: Flyway abbreviation associated with the location of harvest
	state_code: Integer code for state where harvest occurred
	state_name: Full state name where harvest occurred
	state: 2-character abbreviation for state in which the duck or goose was harvested.
	aou_number:  Integer code used for uniquely identifying a species
	species_aou: 4-character AOU code corresponding to the species of duck wing or goose tail submitted by the hunter.
	species_name: Common name of the speies of duck wing or goose tail submitted by the hunter.
	age_code: 1-digit code corresponding to the estimated age of the duck or goose whose wing or tail was submitted.  0 = unknown age, 1 = adult (after hatch year bird), 2 = immature (hatch-year bird).
	age_char: character code representing the age of the bird at harvest
	sex_code: 1-digit code corresponding to the sex of the duck or goose whose wing or tail was submitted.  0 = unknown sex, 4 = male, 5 = female
	sex_char: character code representing the sex of the species harvested
	cohort: Identifier representing the age and sex cohort of the duck or goose whose wing or tail was submitted.
	harvest_weight:  Estimate of the number of harvested birds of this species represented by this duck wing or goose tail.  The sum of the weights of all wings or tails of this species submitted in each state and year is equal to the total estimated harvest of this species in each state and year.